c:\users\redit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RDR Explorer\RDR Explorer\bin\Debug\RDR Explorer.exe.config
c:\users\redit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RDR Explorer\RDR Explorer\bin\Debug\RDR Explorer.exe
c:\users\redit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RDR Explorer\RDR Explorer\bin\Debug\RDR Explorer.pdb
c:\users\redit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RDR Explorer\RDR Explorer\obj\Debug\RDR Explorer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\redit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RDR Explorer\RDR Explorer\obj\Debug\RDR_Explorer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\redit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RDR Explorer\RDR Explorer\obj\Debug\RDR Explorer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\redit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RDR Explorer\RDR Explorer\obj\Debug\RDR Explorer.exe
c:\users\redit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RDR Explorer\RDR Explorer\obj\Debug\RDR Explorer.pdb
c:\users\redit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RDR Explorer\RDR Explorer\obj\Debug\RDR_Explorer.Main.resources
c:\users\redit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RDR Explorer\RDR Explorer\bin\Debug\xextool.exe
c:\users\redit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RDR Explorer\RDR Explorer\bin\Debug\x360_imports.idc
C:\Users\redit\Documents\GitHub\RDR-Explorer\RDR Explorer\bin\Debug\RDR Explorer.exe.config
C:\Users\redit\Documents\GitHub\RDR-Explorer\RDR Explorer\obj\Debug\RDR Explorer.exe
C:\Users\redit\Documents\GitHub\RDR-Explorer\RDR Explorer\obj\Debug\RDR Explorer.pdb
C:\Users\redit\Documents\GitHub\RDR-Explorer\RDR Explorer\bin\Debug\xextool.exe
C:\Users\redit\Documents\GitHub\RDR-Explorer\RDR Explorer\bin\Debug\x360_imports.idc
C:\Users\redit\Documents\GitHub\RDR-Explorer\RDR Explorer\bin\Debug\RDR Explorer.exe
C:\Users\redit\Documents\GitHub\RDR-Explorer\RDR Explorer\bin\Debug\RDR Explorer.pdb
C:\Users\redit\Documents\GitHub\RDR-Explorer\RDR Explorer\obj\Debug\RDR Explorer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\redit\Documents\GitHub\RDR-Explorer\RDR Explorer\obj\Debug\RDR_Explorer.Main.resources
C:\Users\redit\Documents\GitHub\RDR-Explorer\RDR Explorer\obj\Debug\RDR_Explorer.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\redit\Documents\GitHub\RDR-Explorer\RDR Explorer\obj\Debug\RDR Explorer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
